Azure Policy is an service which will be helpful to create and manage the policies.
Example: Restrict the VM instance creation with limited resource size.

Difference between Policy and RBAC:
RBAC allows you to control user actions like what kind of activity the user can perform. 
Azure Policy focuses on resource properties during deployment and for already-existing resources. 
Azure Policy controls properties such as the types or locations of resources. Unlike RBAC, Azure Policy is a default-allow-and-explicit-deny system.

Create a policy:
To create a policy, we have to create a policy definition.
A policy definition expresses what to evaluate and what action to take. 
For example, you could ensure all public websites are secured with HTTPS, prevent a particular storage type from being created, 
or force a specific version of SQL Server to be used.

Policy definition	Description:
Allowed Storage Account SKUs	
Allowed Resource Type	
Allowed Locations	
Allowed Virtual Machine SKUs	
Not allowed resource types

Its a json object.

To apply an azure policy, you can use Powershell, AZure CLI or portal.

Policy Assignment:
We can assign the policy from Full Subscription to resource group level.
And, Assigned policy will be applied to their child resource groups. We can exclude couple of resources or groups from the policy assignment.

Policy Effects:
Policy Effect	            What happens?
Deny	                    The resource creation/update fails due to policy.
Disabled	                The policy rule is ignored (disabled). Often used for testing.
Append	                  Adds additional parameters/fields to the requested resource during creation or update. A common example is adding tags on resources such as Cost Center or specifying allowed IPs for a storage resource.
Audit, AuditIfNotExists	  Creates a warning event in the activity log when evaluating a non-compliant resource, but it doesn't stop the request.
DeployIfNotExists	        Executes a template deployment when a specific condition is met. For example, if SQL encryption is enabled on a database, then it can run a template after the DB is created to set it up a specific way.

Policy Initiatives:
It will help to organise the policy definitions. You can group multiple policy definitions as a single initiatives and assign it resource groups.

Manage access, policies, and compliance across multiple Azure subscriptions:
We can create management group which may contains hierarchy of whole organisations subscriptions.
What ever policy assigned on management group will be applied to all the subscriptions within that management group.
By default, the root management group's display name is Tenant root group.

Important facts about management groups
Any Azure AD user in the organization can create a management group. The creator is given an Owner role assignment.
A single Azure AD organization can support 10,000 management groups.
A management group tree can support up to six levels of depth not including the Root level or subscription level.
Each management group can have many children.
When your organization creates subscriptions, they are automatically added to the root management group.
